1. In the Library search results can you display the date last modified and size of the file. Have the same info in the "Go To Document" search as well. Also can you add the ability to sort by clicking on the header "Name", "Date", "Size" of each listing of found items. Clicking on a header again should reverse the sort. 

2. Have the ability to turn on and off Library info panel under the "View" dropdown. 

3. If I type and fill the edit text window. The text will remain at the bottom of the page unless I widen the app buy pulling the main app windows left side to the left or the right side to the right. Is there a way to place a movable like a line on the left side of the editing window that will hold the area were new text is typed at the same place in the editing window? This would for the text to scroll from that mark up rather then forcing the edit line to the bottom of the edit screen area. 

4. How well does the Word Vault Handel an instantaneous power outage. Does it leave broken files that need to be recovered. Is the database in danger of corruption?

5. It looks as if we have lost the creation date on many of the imported docx files.  Can these be recovered?

6. Would it be possible to create a single file installer that will load all the needed parts. 

7. How much trouble would it be to add the ability to increase and decrease the editor font size. 

8. I do not like the way the typewriter scrolling works. I am thinking it maybe better to just have a windows fixed at about two thirds of the way down that scrolls up from that point. The way it is working now is a bit acratic. Things jump around for different reasons. maybe there are better ways to do this. 

11. correct spacing between paragraphs in documents. This will require going through the entire database to remove each documents extra spaces. There are often extra lines just after the tile and in other places. This should be checked for as each document is imported. I would think there should be a blank line between each title or paragraph but no more than one line. This would mean that all documents would end up looking the same as far as spacing. 

